Wubba lubba dub dub!
Ricky tikki tavi, Bitch!
And thats the waaaaaay the news goes!
Hit the sack, Jack!
Uh oh! Somersault Jump!
AIDS!
And thats why I always say "Shum shum schilipiddydah!"
Grasssssssss... tastes bad.
No jumping in the sewer!
Burgertime!
*burp*
Why don't you ask the smartest people in the universe, Jerry? Oh yeah, *burp*, you can't. They blew up.
TO GET R*ugghhb*IGGITY RIGGITY WRECKED SONNNNN!
I'm Rick James, bitch.
I hate to break it to you, but what people calls "love" is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it. Your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science.
What about the reality where Hitler cured cancer, Morty?! The answer is don't think about it!
Who invited Abradolf Lincler?
It's like the N word and the C word had a baby and that baby was raised by every bad word for Jews.
Whatever you're asking, the answer is I'm amazing. And *away* we go!
All right, all right, cool it! I see what's happening here. You're both young, you're both unsure about your place in the universe, and you both want to be Grandpa's favorite. I can fix this. Morty, sit here. Summer, you sit here. Now, listen—I know the two of you are very different from each other in a lot of ways, but you have to understand that as far as Grandpa's concerned, you're both pieces of shit! Yeah. I can prove it mathematically. Actually, l-l-let me grab my whiteboard. This has been a long time coming, anyways.
An entire afternoon at BLIPS AND CHI-I-I-I-I-ITZ!!!!
SHUT THE FUCK UP ABOUT MOON MEN!! This isn't a musical number! This is a fucking... operation, we gotta be cool and fucking lay low.
Two things I wanna' make clear to EVERYBODY in this room: never betray me, and it's time to go.
The first rule of space travel, kids, is always check out distress beacons. 9 out of 10 times, it's a ship full of dead aliens and a bunch of free shit!
Thanks, Mr. Poopybutthole. I always could count on you.
You gotta get schwifty. You gotta get schwifty in here. It's time to get schwifty. Uh-oh. You gotta get schwifty. Oh, yeahhh. Take off your pants and your panties. Shit on the floor.
Morty, remember eight seconds ago when *burp* when you said "Go inside what?" and I said "The battery"? And then we showed up here and I wasn't like, "Whoa, this is unexpected. This is not what I was expecting, Morty. What a perplexing mystery this is."
I put a spatially tessellated void inside a modified temporal field until a planet developed intelligent life. I then introduced that life to the wonders of electricity, which they now generate on a global scale. And, you know, some of it goes to power my engine and charge my phone and stuff.
Ooh-la-la, someone's gonna get laid in college.
Huntin' a vampire with my grandkids!! FUCK!! TINY RICK!!!
So here I am! I'm Tiny Rick!
Let me out! Let me out! This is not a dance! I'm begging for help, I'm pleading for help! Please come let me out! I'm dying in a vat in the gara-a-age!
No, no, but I've been to a few planets with the same gimmick. Y'know, sometimes it's called the Cleansing or the Red Time. There was this one world that called it just Murder Night. I-It's a purge planet. They're peaceful and then, y'know, they just purge.
Morty, yehh-you're acting like a ehh-freaking lunatic. Calm down.
Alien bureaucrats are gonna arrest you. They're gonna put the intergalactic equivalent of ehh-jumper cables under your nuts and/or labia and hook 'em up to an alien car battery until you tell them where I am—which I guarantee you you're not gonna know, which I guarantee they won't believe. So who's homesick?
Y-Y-Y'know what those guys do i-in-in their fancy boardrooms? They take their balls and they dip 'em in cocaine and wipe 'em all over each other—y'know, Grandpa goes around and he does his business in public, because Grandpa isn't shady.
